Entry for QoS (#5993) (#14083)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/qos-class.md

---

> title: QoSClass

Reviewer: Never saw 'QoSClass' anywhere before ... shall we use 'QoS Class' instead? 'QoSClass' reads like a hardcoded resource type.

> id: qosClass

Reviewer 2: I _think_ we typically use all-lowercase ids for glossary entries.

Author: oops, fixing

> id: qosclass

Reviewer 2: Just realised, we normally put a dash between the words in a glossary entry's `id`.

date: 2019-04-15
full_link: 
short_description: >
  QoSClass provides a way for Kubernetes to classify pods within the cluster into several classes and make decisions about scheduling and eviction.

aka: 
tags:
- core-object
- fundamental
- architecture
related:
 - pod

---

>  QoSClass provides a way for Kubernetes to classify Pods within the cluster into several classes and make decisions about scheduling and eviction.

Reviewer 2: If someone doesn't know what QoS is short for, should we explain it?

Author: Do you have any proposal here @sftim ?

Reviewer 2: How about rephrasing to use “QoS” on its own, so that this can turn into “QoS (quality of service)”?

Reviewer 2: Alternatively:
```markdown
QoSClass (quality of service class) provides…
```

<!--more--> 

> QoSClass of a Pod is set at creation time  based on its compute resources requests and limits settings. QoS classes are used to make decisions about Pods scheduling and eviction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The QoSClass of a Pod is set at Pod creation time, based on the Pod's compute resource requests and limits settings. QoS classes are used to make decisions about how Pods are scheduled onto Nodes and / or evicted from them.
```

> Kubernetes can assigns one of the following  QoS class to a Pod: `Guaranteed`, `Burstable` or `BestEffort`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kubernetes can assign one of the following QoS classes to a Pod: `Guaranteed`, `Burstable` or `BestEffort`.
```

date: 2019-04-15
full_link: 
short_description: >
  QoSClass (Quality of Service Class) provides a way for Kubernetes to classify pods within the cluster into several classes and make decisions about scheduling and eviction.

> 

Reviewer 3: hi, @nelvadas.
This page may help clarify the name: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/#create-a-pod-that-gets-assigned-a-qos-class-of-guaranteed.
Quality of Service (QoS) class seems to make sense.

Reviewer 4: @nelvadas  can you please address the suggestions made by @kbhawkey .
